Guide to Multi-Accounting
  - With Maple.Software

Step 1: Log out of your osu! account, both in-game and in the web-browser.

Step 2: Clear all browser cookies, not just osu! cookies, from all browsers.

Step 3: Download and connect to a VPN. It is recommended to use ProtonVPN (free), or a paid/homebrew VPN service. ProtonVPN users should use the same VPN server, as using one IP address makes it less suspicious. 
        - https://protonvpn.com/ << Recommended

Step 4: Download and install Maple.Software & inject it.

Step 5: Create a profile with the Spoofer module. Name it whatever you want, and make sure the profile is loaded. 

Step 6: Create an osu! account and follow the regulated PP limits. 

Important Notes:
1. When switching accounts, make sure to repeat steps 1 and 2. If you are switching back to your main account, make sure to turn off your VPN after you log out. 
2. Do not switch spoofer profiles while logged in to your osu! account in-game. 
3. Make sure to turn off the spoofer profile or switch the spoofer profile when logging into other accounts.
4. Grind play count a little bit here and there to make your vast (sudden) improvement more believable.
5. Do not use high AA / Relax settings as this could lead to a fast ban.
6. When using HD / Flashlight remover, make sure you have the needed playcount for that map. (HD = 5/10+ Flashlight 20/25+)
7. It is highly recommended not to use Relax on any server, and this is very highly recommended on Bancho.
8. Do not use other cheats other than Maple.Software; if you have to use a replay editor, close osu! and then use it; make sure to clear osu!auth.logs

PP Limits:
Day 1: Do not get higher than 15-20 PP on a single submitted play. Do not get more than 300pp in total.
Day 3: Do not get higher than 35 PP on a single submitted play. Do not get more than 300pp in total.
Week 2: Do not get higher than 85 PP on a single submitted play. Do not get more than 350pp in total.
Week 3: You are free to roam around, though it is recommended to gain more PP slowly. Do not get more than 400pp in total.

Guide Creator: Cheu#5907 (Maple-Moderator)
Software Owner(s): Maple Syrup#1011 & Azuki#7911
Software: https://maple.software/
